doc(changelog): prepare release v3.11.0 (#584)
i-love-flamingo/flamingo-commerce: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v3.12.0 [upcoming]

## v3.11.0

**search**
* The fake search service now interprets the passed sort options.

**cart**
* add possibility to get price in main currency for a payment method
* during add to cart delivery method is now saved in context

> * **Fix:** error throw by `collectTotals(cart)` in DefaultCartBehaviour is now bubble up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Fix:** error returned by `collectTotals(cart)` in DefaultCartBehaviour is now bubbled up
```
